>> Erik Reinert: Cool.
Okay, so I have my distribution,
I've explained that for you guys.
Let's go ahead and
add the normal suspects.
So we're gonna add our variables.tf,
right?
We said that these are pretty
much in every one of the modules.
Again, you can see here the capacity
provider that we create,
the name of the module, the security
groups, the subnets and the VPC id.
This is all related to creating a cluster.
But again, if I wanted to take this
cluster and use it in other automation,
these variables shouldn't be enough or
should be enough to be able to do that.
Then I'm going to do outputs TF and
I'm going to add my outputs.
And as we said before, these are things
that other resources can use, which more
than likely means that these may be
things that the services end up using.
Right?
So we're going to go ahead and
output those.
And then the last thing we need to do
is we need to go to main or, I'm sorry,
we need to go to the main inside
of the environment directory and
we're going to add our cluster
configuration to our environment.
So really quickly,
each one of the modules in this main TF
are our own custom modules with
parameters that we have set.
So again, our network, our database,
these are variables from those variables
TF files that we said we needed.
And we are doing the exact
same thing with the cluster.
Now what's interesting about these
configurations is if in the future
you had a desire to create a cluster
network and you wanted to make it so
that every environment now provisioned
clusters on those cluster networks,
you should be able to do that.
You would just add a cluster
network to the main network module,
you would export it as a variable and
then you would put subnets module
network clustersubnets instead of
module network privatesubnets.
So this is why these aren't hard coded.
You have the ability to play and,
or change things if you need to.
Again, in this case,
we are wanting the cluster to be
on the private network entirely.
So we say module network,
private security group.
We want it to be on the private subnets.
So we say module network, private subnets.
We give it the name.
This also means that our cluster is
per environment because we're not
creating multiple clusters.
Now what's kind of neat is
every single one of these
components can also be duplicated.
So what do I mean by that?
Well, what if you want two
networks in your environment?
What if you want three
databases in your environment?
What if you want multiple
clusters in your environment?
You can Easily change this,
adapt it to whatever you need.
One of the things we would do at
my job is we would actually create
a cluster per what we call tier.
Tiers where I work
are effectively the layers
of applications that we create and deploy.
So for example, we have a backend tier and
those are all private,
completely cut off from the Internet
services that can be accessed via HTTP.
And then we have a gateway tier.
The gateway tier is the exact same thing
as a back end tier, but it has access to
the Internet, meaning that those
services can then be requested directly.
Then we have a front end tier where
all of our front end services go and
then those have a load.
So we have multiple clusters that further
logically separate our services and
what we're deploying this granularity
again, still entirely up to you.
I'm just giving you a template
to start with and work with.
The other thing I really want to note
here before I provision everything is
the capacity providers.
This is entirely a setting that I
have created to solve the problem
of I want to schedule containers
A on instances B, right?
So for example,
if I wanted a bunch of containers to get
scheduled to the spot instances or
the spot capacity provider,
I would tell it, hey,
the instance type is, is whatever.
And then the market type is spot.
Cool.
Now I have capacity.
And so for example, if I wanted
to say like spot medium, right?
And then I wanted to say like,
you know, spot large.
And then I wanted to say this
was like a extra large, right?
Now I have medium instances that are on
spot and I have extra large instances that
are on spot and
I can provision my containers to either.
Or if I wanted to, I could say, you know,
something like on demand large,
and then just say on demand here, meaning
now I have small spot instances that I
can provision to and I have large on
demand instances that I can provision to.
So the point of the capacity providers
is really to give you that complete
customization of what kind of
instances are you provisioning and
where you can put those containers
when they're ready to be scheduled.
For now we're just going to
put everything on spot and
we're going to use the smallest instance
size we can for what we're trying to do.
So we're going to say spot.
We're going to create one
capacity provider called Spot.
Its instance type is going to be a T3,
a medium, and
the market type will be of course spot,
because it's a spot instance.